Fix minor readability issue in modifying CSS class (#844)
Textualize/textual: docs/tutorial.md

### Manipulating classes

> Modifying a widget's CSS class is a convenient way to modify visuals without introducing a lot of messy display related code.

Reviewer: There are multiple classes, so it should be plural. But good spot the grammar is off!

```suggestion
Modifying a widget's CSS classes is a convenient way to update visuals without introducing a lot of messy display related code.
```
